hi hey hey it's Monday I feel like I
always do video blog on Mondays
basically because I actually have stuff
to talk about after the weekend so
Miriam hoping for a nice even schedule
this week I feel like I've been all out
of whack with my work schedule and last
week with people discussing the fact
that I'm actually married
and mr. job dad coming to visit so I was
having to turn the cam room back into
the guest room and the hours that I had
to take off and so um had a nice long
weekend I'm ready to get back into my
regular schedule this week as far as the
weekend I think Friday actually stayed
up until like almost 4:00 in the morning
played with some of my friends on MFC I
got to see Abby who I never catch on
mine um I think we slept in until like
11:00 on Saturday we were gonna go
hiking on Saturday but since we got such
a late start and staying up all night on
Friday night um we just decided to go
grab a game and go walk around the mall
a little bit and so we bought sacred -
we're playing that on ps3 since it's
co-op we got a couple movies on Saturday
we watched men who stare at goats it's
actually one of the better movies I've
seen in the last probably six months to
a year so we watched that Saturday night
you know make some homemade Mexican food
okay not homemade made some Mexican food
and had vodka margaritas I'll explain
that later played sacred to a little bit
and I went to sleep and then started
fresh and early on Sunday morning
actually went on our hike in the early
afternoon took the puppies with us they
don't usually go because it's kind of I
know it's kind of wild and open out
there and we didn't know if they would
do well but the two min pins walked
really well tank had a good time hopping
through the tall grass and we took sugar
I had to wear her in a little backpack
because her little paws can't walk five
and a half mile
on rough terrain like that so she got
treated like a little baby it was cute
so yeah we walked five point six miles
up hills down hills all rocky and crazy
terrain took us like two and a half
hours I think so my legs are a little
sore today but yeah we got home from
that we ate dinner and then played
sacred to all night and I actually am
totally enjoying the coop on that I
didn't think that mr. jobs and I would
find a game that we can't actually play
together and enjoy enjoy playing
together
because you can't find many of those
that you can just join locally and build
your own characters and not just have
some throwaway character that joins in
in the middle of battles and stuff so
that's pretty cool I'm enjoying it I'm
happy
we tried God of War three the demo two
and that's fun button mashing but I
don't think I could play that for any
amount of time because it's just like
wild and crazy slinging flaming chains
around and no not really my cup of tea
but if you felt like taking some
aggression out and button mashing God of
War three looks pretty good for that the
tutors is back on showtime and believe
it is so I'm excited we watched that
last night and Celebrity Apprentice and
then basically went to bed tried to get
to bed at a decent hour and then I slept
like crap anyways stupid stomachache
so I'm drinking a monster today trying
to get my energy back so I can have a
nice long show tonight
I did my cardio I did really good on
that that actually gave me a little more
energy so that's my last few days in a
nutshell I just rambled obviously the
cat's beaten kicked in because I don't
think I took a breath in the middle of
all of that my apologies alright so it's
like 4:30 right now a couple hours I'll
be on camera on MSE I miss all you guys
I'm looking forward to seeing you and
I'm looking forward to good week so
thanks for listening to this whole thing
and I'll get you Lita